1) Are there any sub-optimal choices( or short cuts taken due to limited time ) in your implementation?
- I could not find how to hit the buy/sell prices for blockchain.com - I'm not sure their API supports that aspect of market data.
- In general, I do think that the way I structured this problem is not ideal. I should have probably had a better map of how I was going to deal with the transfer of the exchanges over to the coin card in the most optimal way. My current solution is functional, and I do think that it would be possible to scale it to a larger amount of exchanges/coins, but I don't think it would be super pleasant. 
- Just to elaborate on the writing of a more easily scalable solution, here are some things I would do. I could have done them now, but I am right in the middle of midterm season, so I do apologize for the slight laziness. 
i) the getBitcoinData and getEthereumData functions should have been written as one function call getDataForCoin that took parameters for the buy and sell API urls; this would just make the code cleaner, especially if we were to add more coins. 
ii) if we were to add both more coins and more exchanges, we could probably create a list of the buy, sell URLs that we want to hit and iterate through them - rather than doing them one by one as I have for coinbase and blockchain. 

2) Is any part of it over-designed? ( It is fine to over-design to showcase your skills as long as you are clear about it)
- Not really. I would say the solution is pretty basic and to the point.

3) If you have to scale your solution to 100 users/second traffic what changes would you make, if any?
- I have already commented on the scaling of the solution from a data point of view. I don't see why the number of users increasing to 100 would affect how such a solution scales since it's basically a webpage with a bunch of information. 

4) What are some other enhancements you would have made, if you had more time to do this implementation
- I wasn't sure if "it should talk to its own backend to fetch the prices. And that backend fetches prices from other exchanges/service providers" meant that I would need to setup my own API using their data and then fetch from their. I'm not completely sure how to do that, I imagine it could be done by using Next.js to setup API routes and putting the info from their APIs onto that and then hitting my API, but I am not 100% sure what that process would look like.
-  storing the prices of bitcoin and ethereum as done in line 6,7 of App.js is probably a pretty bad implementation - a better solution would allow for easier scalability and in general be more readable. One way to do this is perhaps store the prices in a hashmap. That is the bitcoin price state for each exchange would be mapped to "Coinbase" "Blockchain.com" etc. rather than to 0, 1, 2, 3 indices as it is now - this is only easy to do/understand because of the smallness of the problem. Whereas, in the case of a hashmap, we could accomplish the same thing without hard coding an initial state i.e. when adding data from a particular exchange we could map it to that exchanges key (the name). For eg, bitcoin prices in the above problem would be something like prices = {Coinbase: (63000, 58000), Blockchain.com (x,y)}; and on our first initial fetch for some new exchange, we would just add prices["newexchange"] to our map.
- I don't love the refresh button idea, but it was the easiest way to avoid either not having the prices refresh at all or having a rerendering infinite loop. A better solution would probably incorporate a timer feature for making calls to the API every minute or something.
- The design is as basic as it gets - improvement of the UI/design would be nice. Especially on a larger data set, being able to filter by currency and other such things could be cool.
- Better abstraction/making some of the things in the code more readable (I talked about this above)

Thank you for taking the time to read this. Have a great day!